In the time that we've been doing this explanation,
the stack has been running.
Let's see if something has happened.
Let's go back to the console to verify.
Let's see if we go to the load balancer,
let's see if there's something there. Let's see.
I believe we're looking at one right now.
Let's make sure that we can open,
expand this a little bit better.
It says listener, which is HTTP port 80, so sure enough.
Yes, we have our load balancer running here,
and we have this URL here that is provided to us.
Now, the question is, why do we have a URL?
Shouldn't it be better if we have a IP address?
The reason is Amazon will never provide you with IP addresses.
They will give you an alias name, then you can change.
They provide also a DNS service that you can use to change
this horrible long DNS name and you
can change it into your business.com. That's not a problem.
But if they provided you with an IP address,
that means that they can not ever take it down for
maintenance because you're respecting traffic in that one IP address,
and because they give you a name,
they can change the IP addresses in the background whenever they
want for maintenance reasons.
So we would have to test with this name to see if our application is responding.
I'm going to copy this name.
Now, I'm trying to find the target group,
so it will be under load balancers.
There's a target group here.
This is supposed to show if we have
targets associated with our load balancer. So let's take a look.
There are some other values that you can say let's show
these registration delay and the slow start.
Slow start is when you have an application that takes
a significant amount of time to come online and you want the load balancer
to wait before the clarinet on healthy because it could
be find a check for
a healthy status and the application is just loading right now, right?
We haven't check if D flower stack is completed properly.
Let's make sure. I see an update complete here.
Let's see what the events are.
It created an application load balancer with it's
matching listener target groups and everything.
It looks good from this point of view.
We do have three servers here that are running and they're
the correct size which are t3 mediums,
and one that we created with our auto scaling group.
Let's go back down here to load balancer
and make sure everything is where it needs to be.
On the load balancer, you have load bouncer and you have target groups.
The target group is the association between auto-scaling and the load balancer.
You would have this, which says,
this is exactly what we just discussed in the script.
Port 8080, HTTP.
This is what's being checked on the running instances.
This is the health check that we talked about and it's associated with HTTP.
It will check the slash and those other values that we specified.
We have the targets,
which is basically the target group in our script.
We're waiting on this three instances that are currently reporting a timeout.
That usually means that the application is
still performing its necessary tasks to come online.
It's not responding in an unhealthy way nor in a healthy way,
so we need to wait for them to load properly.